## CRM

### Client View
- Timeline will need data separators
- Timeline will need a vertical thru-line under the entries
- Timeline should be searchable/filterable

#### Add Entry
- Add Entry needs to have a more elegant type dropdown that matches the rest of the UI
- Add Entry needs to have a date/time stamp. Date is mandatory, time is optional
- Notes should be in Markdown, but with rich text buttons (based off something like this (https://github.com/mdx-editor/editor)
- The entry types should have conditional field logic
- Email shouldn't be two things, just one email
- Document needs to have an upload field and option to link it to a $deal
- Deliverable should have $title, $description, $link, $deal
- Invoices should have an upload field
- Invoices need an option to be paired with a Deal
- Meetings & Calls don't need a title, just date/time and notes 

#### New Deal
- Value needs comma separators added automatically as number is typed in
- Stages should be pulled from a custom stage-set somewhere else in the CRM (maybe pipeline view?)

### Pipeline
- Recycle our workspace/board views  as a template for the pipeline, use groups as stages
- There can be more than one pipeline, this should work as multiple "boards" within the pipeline view
- These "boards" should be their own dataset of boards, isolated from the workspace boards since they are managing deals, not tasks

## Board View
- The top of the board itself looks weird. The breadcrum and the squared off border breaks the aesthetic. 
- The module where the board Title, Automation Button, and Ellipses live should be touching at the bottom to the top of the table module. They should look like one cohesive module. The Title, Automations Button, Ellipses and Members module should be FIXED and the board table should scroll underneath it.
- Remove the "Add Item" button in the group header
- Instead of our row fields being modules, make them be in-line like one row of a spreadsheet. Their hitboxes should have no inner-padding for the cell, and fill it entirely, though text should keep its padding and remain vertically centered within the cell. Icons are fine, but no visual "modules" within the row. Color should completely fill the cell for statuses.
- The Group heading should be connected to the rows below it, not separated.
- Under the filters button, when I hit the second date field, it makes the view scroll horizontally instead of opening and sliding to the left to fit
- When I click the automations button, it should be an entirely different view within the board view. I don't want to still see the table below it. It should feel like the table slid to the left, and the automations slid in from the right.
- The overdue indicator shouldn't be a text label, just the icon, and the icon should appear directly to the right of the date text instead of outside the box

### Open Row Item
- In general, other than the comments and activity, this drawer should ONLY show fields that are present in the table
- Remove repeat, dependencies, and attachments as fields
- Item name should only be at the top, don't need another input field for this
- Activity should be in a separate tab
- It should open wider (more like 30-35%)
- Status should still be a dropdown, not buttons
- Status and Person assigned can be in 2-columns on the same row.
- Add a comment box should be vertically 1-row with "Write a comment..." and "Post" on the same vertical plane. It can expand back to current size as typing requires, but not go past it.

## Settings
- Need the email function to actually work

## Universal
- In all comments, descriptions, notes, etc. in the entire site I should be able to @ a person to notify them with a link to the relevant item. Let's make sure this is implemented with a smart architecture so we're not having to update it in dozens of places.